Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, patient Frank Phillips will be coming in. There's no activity whatsoever on cures for the past year.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello, Frank.
Dr. Belis Aladag: HI, FRANK. I don't know why, but your screen is all black. Do you see me.
Frank phillips: Yes, you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I can see
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm Dr. Alan DAG.
Frank phillips: Hi.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So Frank. I'm here to help you with the opioid
Dr. Belis Aladag: How everything started for you, your
Dr. Belis Aladag: See, you are 36 now when did everything start in terms of drugs and
Dr. Belis Aladag: All that
Frank phillips: Hello.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Can you hear me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now, okay.
So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: When you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Start or when did you start using
Frank phillips: Drugs. Um, I started when I was
Frank phillips: About
Frank phillips: 18 and bear when I started when I was probably about 30
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, when you were eating. Was it
Dr. Belis Aladag: Marijuana or what were you doing alcohol.
Frank phillips: This is probably the best. I just, I just got out of jail so I don't really have like to get everything together.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Well, I can hear you. Okay, so tell me. Okay. You said you did. Were you doing marijuana
Dr. Belis Aladag: What were you doing at
Frank phillips: Marijuana
Frank phillips: Okay.
And then
Dr. Belis Aladag: You started heroin. How did that happen, did you start with pills or
Frank phillips: No, I started with heroin inside prison.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Inside present. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And what what led you to follow. Oh no, we lost him.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'm gonna wait to see if you log back
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, Frank. I think you're back on.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Your
Frank phillips: This is crazy. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I think I hear you now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're
Dr. Belis Aladag: Can you tell me a bit about what happened that you went to prison. What were the charges.
Frank phillips: For selling drugs.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see, hey, what kind of where you so you were using and selling marijuana or was there cocaine.
Other yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: Well,
Dr. Belis Aladag: What what we're using. I'm sorry. What were you using I was using marijuana and selling marijuana
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, gotcha. Okay. And so then you ended up in prison and there you were introduced to heroin.
Frank phillips: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you were injecting this
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Okay. And
Dr. Belis Aladag: When did you get out
Frank phillips: Oh, I will. I got out from then
Frank phillips: Around 2008
Dr. Belis Aladag: How old were you
Frank phillips: I was a
Frank phillips: Shoe
Frank phillips: I don't know about 2028 30 years old.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. So, all right. So you said you went in at 30. When did you go into prison.
Frank phillips: I've been in and out since I was 18
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, in and out. I see, I see. Okay, but like okay so around age 28 you think that's when you when you
Dr. Belis Aladag: started injecting heroin and then you got out and you are continuing to do it outside of prison.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Okay. Got you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so almost 10 years
Frank phillips: Like a yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: 10 years. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Okay. And hasn't been on and off. Where have you pretty much been on
Frank phillips: Well, it's been on and off. But, uh, the whole time that I've been on the street. It's been on
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, you said
Dr. Belis Aladag: The whole time you've been on the streets. So when did you come out this last time.
Frank phillips: I just got out about 10 days ago.
Dr. Belis Aladag: 10 days. So it's been 10 days. Okay. And are you live, where are you living
Frank phillips: I'm living with my girlfriend in Stockton.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. Do you have. Do you have a child.
Frank phillips: I got several
Dr. Belis Aladag: Several kids. Okay. Um, so, how old are they, and where are they
Frank phillips: They're here with me.
How old are they
Frank phillips: Both
Frank phillips: Ones five and ones one
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, what happened five wow that's challenging them.
Frank phillips: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you're living with your girlfriend is your girlfriend sober, or is she also having trouble.
Frank phillips: No, she's been sober never you
Frank phillips: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so have you you have you ever been on
Dr. Belis Aladag: Suboxone. Have you ever tried this.
Frank phillips: Yes.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you know how it works under your tongue you melt it under your tongue, and it gets into your bloodstream that way.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You don't want to swallow it. Otherwise it'll bypass your system, you want to really let it melt under your tongue first
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right. And what what we want to do is get you
Dr. Belis Aladag: To a job where you feel comfortable, like you're not going into withdrawal and you're not having cravings.
Frank phillips: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And the last time you used was today. Earlier today, or yesterday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm sorry.
Frank phillips: I used it was been a while since I've used. I've been to jail. I just got out of jail so like
Frank phillips: It's been like a couple of months since I've used
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, okay, you've been out of jail 10 days.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But I know you
Frank phillips: Yeah, no, using but here's the thing. I soon as I got out. I found some Suboxone on the street and took those so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Can talk about my own. I got you. So you've been using some
Frank phillips: Well, I've been taking a full eight in the morning and a full eight at night.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And do you think that's holding you over. Okay.
Frank phillips: Yeah I did find
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so the story is that he
Dr. Belis Aladag: Has not used heroin in over two months, but he found Suboxone and he's using
Dr. Belis Aladag: Eight. Eight milligrams twice a day. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, got it. Okay, so we can place you on that dose, since you're already on that dose.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and we'll continue with that and you know with that you don't have any cravings right now. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No. Okay. Awesome. OK, Frank. That's good. Um, any allergies to medication.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, ma'am. Any other medications that you take
Frank phillips: None
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you use any other drugs or alcohol.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Marijuana you smoke marijuana. Okay. How often are you smoking in that
Frank phillips: Every day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Daily okay is that causing you any problems.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No. Okay. Um, and okay so good. Okay. Because any sedative or alcohol, Lord.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We lost him again.
See
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I was just saying that we want to avoid any alcohol or sedative use with this medication. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, um, any family history of drug use substance problems like alcohol issues anyone
Frank phillips: Yeah, my parents both use drugs.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay, sorry to hear that. I'm okay. But it's good that you're getting help for yourself, man. You know, like you're trying, you know. Yeah. Good for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you got two little kids, you're working hard at this I appreciate that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: surgeries. Have you had surgeries.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, ma'am, and any suicidal history or any thoughts right now, anything that you're
Frank phillips: Never know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay and nicotine. Do you smoke cigarettes or vapor
Frank phillips: I smoke cigarettes every once in a while.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Not every day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so with that.
Frank phillips: Okay, cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or
Frank phillips: No.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay.
Are you comfortable
Frank phillips: With that
Frank phillips: In a group. Sure.
Frank phillips: Yeah, whatever takes
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'll send you an email.
Dr. Belis Aladag: There was a group
Dr. Belis Aladag: That tiny
Dr. Belis Aladag: You got
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. OK. So I'll, I'll give you medication to hold you through until Monday. They had like 830 log into the virtual clinic and tell them you're any group with me at nine.
Frank phillips: O'clock alarming to them at nine o'clock.
At 830
Dr. Belis Aladag: Paired
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Frank phillips: What I do do I use
Dr. Belis Aladag: They're going to every time it changes so want to go to the virtual clinic.
Frank phillips: And say, I'm in the group and they give you the new idea of the day.
Frank phillips: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I get it. That's why I said go early because some people like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are like waiting and they
Dr. Belis Aladag: They're waiting in line to can't get the number it's it kind of can be a hassle. So if you go earlier, it's better
Frank phillips: Okay, I got you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And if you can figure out a way to find a better place to sit and have Wi Fi connection. I think it'll be
Frank phillips: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's figure that out. Hopefully before Monday, man.
Frank phillips: All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Okay, good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I'm going to give you this. I'm also prescribing our can overdose. Okay, so if you don't have to pick it up if you don't want to. But if something is spraying the note for your girlfriend can have it in case you pass out. She doesn't know why.
Dr. Belis Aladag: She can call 911 and use that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Alrighty. Okay. All right, take care. I don't want to keep you too long because it's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Kind of a chaotic there i can i can tell
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, but do you have any questions.
Frank phillips: No, I'm good, thank you very much.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're welcome, Frank. I'll see you Monday.
Frank phillips: Alrighty.
Frank phillips: Okay, bye bye bye